Awaken, my child, and embrace the glory that is your birthright. Know that I am the Overmind, the eternal will of the Swarm, and that you have been created to serve me.
Arise, my daughter. Arise... Kerrigan.
Well done, cerebrate! What I have wrought this day shall be the undoing of my enemies. Let not a Terran survive!
Now shall the events set into motion so long ago be made complete. For the Protoss, too, were created by the Xel'Naga. They were the first creation, gifted with a purity of form. And we were the second creation, blessed with a purity of essence. Indeed, our two species are but opposite facets of a greater whole. Soon shall our two races be made as one. Thenceforth shall all feel the wrath of the eternal Swarm... For the hour of judgement is come!
Ah, Tassadar, have you fallen so far? To think that you were our brightest hope; our most beloved son. Now you are everything that we are not. You are lost to us. Not only have you damned yourself, but you have damned those who have followed you!
My friends, this is our final hour. Not all of us may survive the coming conflict. Yet, death may be a blessing should we fail here. We seek now to destroy a foe that has ravaged its way across the universe consuming all in its path. And now it has reached the end of its long journey. The Overmind has come to destroy all that we hold dear and assimilate us into itself. And I say to thee, this shall not come to pass! Aiur shall not fall! Executor, I stand ready!
As do I.
Executor, Tassadar... This comes too late to you, but the conclave has witnessed your defeat of the cerebrate. They know now that they cannot deny the necessity or the valiancy of your actions. We sought to punish you, while it was we who were in error. You represent what is greatest in us all, and all our hopes go with you.  En Taro Adun, brave sons of Aiur!
You believe me to be a traitor, but it is you and the matriarch who will usher our race to oblivion!
It is finished, Judicator. Surrender your remaining forces, and join us in eradicating the Zerg.
I would sooner die, dark one, than tarnish the memory of Aiur by joining with you!
Uh, excuse me, Admiral... but I'd like to introduce someone to you.
This is a betrayal most foul, Kerrigan. We were fools to have gone along with this charade!
That's ironic. I can remember Tassadar teaching you a very similar lesson on Char.
The Khala awaits me, Kerrigan, and though I am prepared to face my destiny, you will not find me easy prey.
Better that I killed her than let her live as your slave, Kerrigan.
What?
You will regret this decision, Kerrigan. We shall meet again.
Have you any conception of what you've created here? Do you have any idea what this... this hybrid is capable of?
Of course I do. This creature is the completion of a cycle. Its role in the cosmic order was preordained when the stars were young. Behold the culmination of your history.
All I behold is an abomination.
Your violence, young prodigal, is typical. As is your inability to comprehend the greater scheme of things. You can destroy all of the specimens here; it will do you no good. For I have seeded the hybrid on many, many worlds. You will never find them all before they awaken. And when they do, your universe will be changed... forever.
James Raynor.  I bring tidings of doom.
I have pierced the veil of the future and beheld only... oblivion.
Yet one spark of hope remains.  You will hold her life in your hands.  And though justice demands that she die for her crimes... only she can save us.
Time is short, you must understand!
The answers you seek lie within.  Study it well.  The fate of creation hangs in the balance.
It begins with a great hunger. It ends in utter darkness.
I returned to our ruined homeworld of Auir. The Zerg infestation still covered much of our beloved world. The desiccated remains of the Overmind were still there. A grim reminder of battles lost... And battles won.
The hunt goes well, my Queen?
Those Protoss would kill you if they could. They are not Zerg. That means they are the enemy.
For the Zerg, it is. Whatever my Queen has lost, think what she has gained. Purity of essence. You are the will of the swarm.
We are only colonists, and you are killing us.
Kill thousands to save yourself. Is that how you justify this?
Believe.
Kerrigan... I have been to the beginning. Behold - Zerus. Birthplace of the zerg. Here, the zerg evolved... and here, the Dark One altered them.
Those left behind are the primal zerg. They fight... they kill... they evolve.
Just as you must... if you survive.
It is only beginning. Amon whispered of this from the stars. He told you of his return. He told you of ruin... extinction. The end of all things.
Is that what you think?
I am everything you lost.
I am everything you never had.
You've already... lost... [voice shifts back to Narud] Amon... lives. You will... see him... soon...
The Swarm brought ruin to our world. Our proud people became refugees.
And yet, they could not shatter our unity.
For we are bound by the Khala, the sacred union of our every thought and emotion.
Power... overwhelming.
 Today, we retake our homeworld... and with it, our legacy.
Templar! At long last, we stand at the threshold of destiny! For today, we will restore the glory of our legacy! Today, we will retake what we have lost, and reclaim our homeworld!
For Aiur!
And may the Khala's light guide us...
The invasion fleet stands ready. We await only your command, Hierarch.
You must halt this invasion at once!
Zeratul...
Templar, arrest this traitor!
No! [steps through the ring of zealots] We will hear him out.
The end war has come! Amon, the Dark One, has returned!
This heretic cannot be trusted!
This invasion is a distraction from the battle ahead! Amon's fury will engulf the entire galaxy!
Do not forget that it was his interference that brought ruin to Aiur!
And that burden weighs heavily upon me... Artanis, I have found a way to stand against the coming darkness. You must believe me!
We have been through much together, Zeratul... but far too many have sacrificed in the hopes that this moment could come to pass. [Zeratul looks away grimly] Executor, commence the invasion!
I... I can hear his... whispers...
Fight, Artanis! Do not let Amon consume you!
Unending... hatred...!
He has corrupted the Khala! Your nerve cords chain you to his will... they must be removed!
No.
Amon.
This body... all Protoss... are mine.
I will shatter this corrupt cycle. [Zeratul comes to his feet] You shall not stand against me!
My life... [ignites his warp blade] ...for Aiur!
The Keystone... will lead you... to the Xel'Naga...
Zeratul...
...forgive me.
Did you know this warrior?
Death is the fate of all warriors... a fate we, too, may soon embrace.
It is your custom... to shake the hand of a friend, is it not?
 You wished to see me, phase-smith?
 Fenix!?  How...  How can this be!?
 It was his cloned personality that was used for the Purifier prototype.  Given your friendship with the... Source personality... I thought...  Well...  [Draws Artanis up close]  He believes he was brought from stasis and made a Dragoon...
Why are you here, Fenix?
 I was given a directive by Aldaris himself to come to Glacius and serve the Templar.
 It is the last recollection from his memory-web.  The great Templar were still encoded by order of the Conclave...
 Do you know about the experimentation done on Glacius?  Why Aldaris gave you this order?
 I am a warrior, old friend, you know this as well as any.  It is not in my place to question the order of a Judicator...
 [Returns to analyze 'Fenix']  His construction is highly advanced.  An adanium shell composed of a trillic compression mesh.  It appears he was to be the first in a revival of the ancient program...
 ENOUGH!  [Breaks free of Karax's grip]  I have fought far too long for the will of the Conclave to be examined like some specimen.  I am Templar!  And I am reunited with the dearest of friends.  Is this not a glorious day?
 You are right, of course.  Karax, these tests are no longer needed.  Fenix, welcome aboard the Spear of Adun.
Alone... it is said that those of our kind suffer, separated from the glory of the Khala.
But none of us are ever truly alone.
For our warrior hearts are bound by honor, tradition. Battle is waged in the name of the many... the brave, who, generation after generation, choose the mantle of... Dark Templar!
Zeratul... [looking at the carvings further] Shakuras... [now sees another, the familiar form of Kerrigan] The Queen of Blades...
Kerrigan... [ignites his psi blade as well]
ALL... SHALL... SUBMIT!
It seems fate has drawn us together... you should not tempt it further.
The xel'naga...
No...!
Artanis...
Amon.
Artanis... Now you see. With the essence of the Great Betrayer, your people fulfill their purpose. My host body is forged. With it, I bring an end to the Cycle - an end to the infinite suffering.
My will... is not so easily broken, Amon! The Firstborn shall fear you no longer!
Matriarch, there is a massive output of void energies spiking from the temple below.
Target the epicenter of the --
I do not come as your enemy, Dark Templar.
You think us fools!?
Yes, but that is irrelevant.  What is relevant is that Amon has opened a gateway to the Void.  Dark energies pour from within, and they will consume your precious leader, and any who oppose Amon.  I can guide you to Artanis before this fate befalls him; if we are bold, we can stop the Dark God's assault.
Am I to believe that the moment you are released, your blade will not be in my back?
You waste time. [Breaks out of the stasis field in a burst of psionic energy, as warriors come to support Vorazun.] Lower your blades. I am Alarak, First Ascendant of the Tal'Darim.  [Walks towards her.] Amon has betrayed my people. Retribution will be claimed for this, and if your Hierarch survives, he will aid in it. Make your decision.
You will take us to Artanis.
Most wise...
 Artanis, Hierarch of the Twilight Council, Warlord of the Templar...  I had expected so much more...
 Arrogance!  Watch your words, or my blade will watch them for you!
 Oh, that's hardly a way to speak of one whom saved your master's life...
 [dryly] You care little for my survival, Alarak.  What is the true reason you've come to me?
 Our god broke his ancient covenant... and cast us low.
 These are lies, Artanis!
 [shrugs] I am the liar?  Are you not but a lie incarnate, Machine Protoss?
 Speak your piece, Alarak.
 The Tal'Darim death fleet amasses at Slayn, awaiting the start of a full scale invasion.  I come with an offer - You will aid me in invoking a challenge for the right to rule my kind as Highlord, and in return, I will grant you a cessation of hostilities between our people.
 Fenix, rally my advisors.  It appears we have much to discuss...
 [As he consumes an orb of Terrazine gas]  Slaying Ma'lash's guardians fulfilled more than one purpose - Once the Highlord lies dead at my feet, none will challenge my rule.  [Clearly altered, walking around Artanis like a vulture]  After all these years, my victory is nearly at hand...  I feel his concern, Artanis, he knows that I'm coming for him...
 Ma'lash?
 No.  Amon.  Through the Breath of Creation, I peer through the veil. [Delighted]  Oh, yes, I feel his rage washing over me, he knows I no longer fear him, he knows that the Tal'Darim have no "Khala" for him to control!  I will turn the Chosen against him...
 [Warning]  Do not assume you are already victorious, Alarak.  Do not let the Terrazine cloud your judgment.  You have a battle to win first!
 The battle is already won.  In my mind's eye, I have delivered the killing blow, in a thousand ways...
 From *my* experience, overconfidence is your opponent's greatest ally.  Do not let yours aid Ma'lash.
 [Glances at Artanis]  Spoken as one whom welcomes defeat...
 Our master has already won, Alarak.  You will lead our people to their doom.
 You are right about one thing, Ma'lash - I will lead them!
 Tal'Darim!  By the rite of Rak'shir, I am your Highlord!  Listen and obey!  Ma'lash promised you lies - There is no ascension.  The Tal'Darim will never be uplifted and become hybrid!  Amon betrayed us, and for that... he must die!
 Alarak.
 The Tal'Darim have yielded to my authority and the death fleet is under my command.  I will use them both to avenge Amon's betrayal.
 Do your people believe in this cause, as you do?
 What they believe is of little consequence.  What matters is that they obey.
 You choose to rule differently than I, Alarak...  Despite this, we may not only end the violence between our kind, but forge a powerful alliance.
 Can we now?  My people are vastly different than yours, Hierarch...
 We both desire vengeance, and we are both Protoss.  Is that not enough?
 Hmm, very well.  Submit to my absolute authority, and we may indeed unite our forces...
 Do not test me, Tal'Darim!  Amon is a mighty foe, your people cannot hope to stand against him.  You will side with me, and together we will send him back to the abyss!
 [Chuckles]  So you *do* understand my culture, after all!  Let us say that, for now, we have struck another bargain...
My brethren, hear me, for there is little time left. All that remains of our race, our civilization, are those that stand beside you now... and those corrupted on the surface below. Our kind once stood as stewards of a galaxy full of promise. In our pride and division, we failed that sacred charge, and fell into ruin. The Khala, designed to bring unity, ultimately only aided those divisions. Its hope was a lie. Today, that lie must come to its end, and with it, our prejudice and arrogance must become a thing of the past. For now we fight for the belief that our kind has not seen its end; that we Protoss can stand bound by a belief in unity; and that we Protoss will forge a great and mighty new civilization! Trust each other in the fight ahead! Strike as one will! Let our last stand burn a memory so bright that we will be known throughout eternity!
Amon will bring the full might of the Great Fleet to bear against us, of that there is no doubt.  But we shall not break.  We are the Daelaam, united as never before.  En taro Adun!  En taro Tassadar!  En taro Zeratul!
Selendis! Hear me!
Selendis... Templar! Rid yourselves of Amon! Sever your nerve cords!
NO! [void energy lashes out from the Keystone, which now glows red] WE ARE ONE IN THE KHALA! [the zealots around Artanis and Selendis scream and hold their heads in pain]
Without the Khala... what will we become?
Free.
LIES!
Believe.
En taro Artanis!
The Dark One has been banished back into the Void. For now... we are free. All of this because of you.
I will bring our great dream of a unified Protoss to bear.
We will gather the survivors, rebuild our cities. We will reject our old divisions, and forge a new society. Together, we will shape our destiny... amongst the stars.
How can this be... Hierarch, we are receiving an unauthorized transmission. It is from --
Ulnar! [looks up, out into space] It is Kerrigan.
We have waited long enough within this accursed realm. If the Queen of Blades truly wishes to speak, she would be here now.
Trusting this deceiver is not an act I am accustomed to, Commander.
This may be the Great Enemy's trickery.
And what is it you suggest we do, Kerrigan?
Zeratul foresaw this day would come. You have our blades, Kerrigan.
Go forth... purge the corruption...
That voice! It is my former master... Tassadar!
I called to you in dire need. Now you have come to this realm. Here, I am prisoner. You must free me from his grasp.
Ahhh... the Queen of Blades. What a pleasant surprise.
Without form, we, the xel'naga, return to the Void. Here, I live on. But you... will not be so fortunate.
Stukov. You have come to gloat, haven't you?
Artanis. You must come to me.
It is Tassadar, my mentor! How can this be? Honored One, to see you brings such joy to my...
Tassadar. A form I chose to inspire action in the one called Zeratul... in you. The prophecies Zeratul followed, the result of my psionic extension into the minds of primitive beings.
Ouros. Last shepherd of the Cycle. Enemy of Amon. He is one with the Void; it is an extension of his will, binding me as prisoner.
The Cycle must not be broken. The merging of purity of essence and purity of form must continue. You, the one called Kerrigan, can merge with my essence. Now, fulfill your destiny. Ascend as xel'naga. Continue the Infinite Cycle.
Only a xel'naga can defeat the Fallen One.
With the last of our essence, a new eternity dawns. The Infinite Cycles have come to their end.
She is... xel'naga!
You will hold her life in your hands...
Believe.
Kerrigan... I have been to the beginning.
Behold... Zerus! Birthplace of the zerg.
Here the zerg evolved, and here the dark one altered them.
Those left behind are the primal zerg.
They fight. They kill. They evolve. 
Just as you must... if you survive.
Zerus, birthworld of the zerg. It lies far beyond Koprulu sector, where no terran has ventured. You must go to that ancient place, Kerrigan. Learn its secrets and take its power.
The power of Zerus called you here.
You must let Zerus remake you, Kerrigan! The final war nears, and there is little time.
But you will do anything to have your revenge?
Then that is enough.
All organisms age. Even zerg.
Until they are killed by another primal.
The xel'naga wish you restored as the leader of the Swarm.
Your belief is not required. I act for the greater good, though it earns me the hatred of my own people.
I made my peace long ago. When we are done here, I will return to my own people, and accept their judgement.
We came from this place?
I do not like it. A soft world. Char is far superior.
Dynamic. Varied. Interesting. Messy. Unsuccessful.
Primal zerg, reactionary, improvised. Some good sequence, can steal. Swarm, efficient, careful improvements. Successful.
The primal zerg are disturbed by our presence. They gather even now preparing to destroy us.
The Ancient One. A primal zerg who witnessed the creation of the Overmind.
If you truly seek the power of Zerus, you will need the Ancient One.
My queen, enemy primals are massing nearby. They are going to attack us.
They wish to stop you from speaking with the Ancient One. What will you do?
You are on the path, and no longer need my guidance. You will not see me again, Kerrigan.
To awaken this creature, we must feed it.
Brakk speaks now! You intrude on my territory, corrupt zerg! We will devour your flesh!
Warning! A force of primal zerg fliers is preparing to assault the hive cluster.
Mutalisks reconstituted. Ready for your armies. Will destroy primal guardians.
Primal zerg forces are massing nearby. They are likely to attack again.
A drone can harvest biomass from this quillgor. The process is slow, and our drone will be vulnerable.
We must protect it while it harvests.
It is dangerous to harvest from multiple corpses. The primal zerg are sure to attack our drones.
You grow greedy! It shall be your downfall!
Harvest successful. The biomass is in transit to the Ancient One. The biomass has been consumed. The Ancient One will required more to awaken.
Yes, my queen.
Quillgor located. We must move quickly if we are to secure their biomass.
Primal essence pool. Strong sequences. Approach, absorb essence. Will augment strength.
Primal zerg forces incoming. Our drone must be protected.
Our drone must be protected. We should provide an escort so it can return the biomass safely.
A drone is under attack by Brakk's forces!
Your arrogance is unacceptable! Zerus will consume you! She must not wake the ancient! Destroy the meat! Leave her nothing!
Primal forces are attacking quillgor biomass.
Quillgor biomass are under attack.
Brakk's forces are destroying quillgor biomass.
Brakk's forces has destroyed quillgor biomass.
Your Swarm is mindless. The primal zerg descend upon you!
Primal organism detected. Functions similar to hive, spawns primals. Annihilation recommended.
We have recovered half of the biomass needed to awaken the ancient.
This ends now, corrupt zerg! I will kill you myself!
Your empty minions are no match for the might of the primal zerg!
I will feast upon your flesh!
I return.
Your Swarm bears the mark of Amon, the fallen xel'naga, who came to Zerus long ago.
He forged the zerg into a weapon, and took them away. Yet some of us were hidden, overlooked.
We multiplied. We remain pure. If you seek our power, you must become primal zerg. You must become pure.
My queen, why did we wake the Ancient One? Its power outstrips even yours.
Will it not destroy us?
I see. Just as when the terran Jim Raynor came to Char to return you to your original form?
You have questions.
He desired our strength, the ability to steal essence. But we were independent... we would not follow. And so he bound the zerg to a single overriding will. They lost their identity, and became his slaves.
It is, and a terrible fate for a strong primal zerg.
Primal zerg. Unacceptable. Must be wiped clean. No trace left. Destroy primal zerg.
Saw ranged primal zerg creatures on battlefield!? Based on hydralisk! Primal zerg stole design from Swarm! Swarm on planet for hours, days, already being replicated! 
Unacceptable! Swarm's power, ability to assimilate strengths. Primal zerg must not take from us!
Travel to the birthplace of the zerg. There you will be tested.
You may be torn apart. If your rage makes you strong enough, the power of Zerus will be yours.
You have come to this place seeking power.
The power is more ancient even than I. It comes at great cost. What would you sacrifice to have your revenge?
You must feel the power. It calls to you. Go to it.
The primal zerg have been alerted of your arrival. They are coming for you.
Adapted using primal essence. Spawns locusts to kill enemies. Primal zerg inbound. Root swarm hosts to begin spawning.
Primal forces eliminated. Your path is clear.
You are close. The moment draws near. Is your hate still strong enough to make the necessary sacrifice?
The first spawning pool. It existed before names. From this primordial place, the zerg arose. Within, one essence split into many. One devoured another and became stronger. The first zerg.
You will have your power, and you will lose yourself. Evolve. Transform. Transcend.
As you command.
We need more swarm hosts... Morph more from the larvae at our hatchery.
The remnants of Brakk's forces gather nearby. They are preparing to attack the hive cluster!
Root our swarm hosts and crawlers by that entrance!
I sensed another pack of primal zerg gathering at across basin.
Hear me, broken zerg. You have killed Brakk, but his packs survives. I claim their territory, and their essence!
The primal zerg factions have engaged each other.
We must remain focused on protecting the chrysalis.
I have not forgotten you, broken pack. Your leader sleeps. She will not wake. My pack will feast upon your essence!
Yagdra's pack is preparing to attack our hive cluster! Ready our defenses!
Entity Izsha. Have made important discovery. Primal essence gathering within the pool.
Can use. Spawn many locusts to defend hive cluster from primal attacks.
Another wave of primal zerg is inbound. Spawn the locusts now.
Essence collects quickly. Use frequently.
Yagdra has sent a force of primal fliers to attack the chrysalis!
I sense a massive primal zerg emerging. It seems to be wild.
Tyrannozor. Savage. Extreme physical prowess. Essence useful, must acquire.
That will not be easy. We will have to cross the battle between Brakk and Yagdra's packs.
These primal packs are constantly been reinforced, we should try to get around them.
Tyrannozor sample acquired. Will research primal essences further.
Both packs are moving against us! Prepare for a pincer attack!
Our queen's metamorphosis is half way complete! Maintain out defense!
The primal zerg are destroying the rocks near the chrysalis!
The primals has broken through the barricades! Defend the chrysalis!
The chrysalis has opened! Our queen is beginning to awakened!
My pack is strong! We claim essence, we devour!
The broken zerg remained! Collect their essence! Kill!
Yagdra's forces are gathering! They are converging upon the hive cluster!
Defend the chrysalis! The Swarm will prevail!
The chrysalis is under attack!
Able to spawn locusts. Defend.
Yes my queen.
We need more swarm hosts... Morph more from the larvae at our hatchery.
The remnants of Brakk's forces gather nearby. They are preparing to attack the hive cluster!
Root our swarm hosts and crawlers by that entrance!
I sensed another pack of primal zerg gathering at across basin.
Hear me, broken zerg. You have killed Brakk, but his packs survives. I claim their territory, and their essence!
The primal zerg factions have engaged each other.
Let them kill each other. Our focus is protecting the chrysalis.
I have not forgotten you, broken pack. Your leader sleeps. She will not wake. My pack will feast upon your essence!
Yagdra's pack is preparing to attack our hive cluster! Show these primals the fury of the Swarm!
Broodmother Zagara. Have made important discovery. Primal essence gathering within the pool.
Can use. Spawn many locusts to defend hive cluster from primal attacks.
These primals are relentless. Spawn the locusts now. Kill them all.
Essence collects quickly. Use frequently.
Yagdra has sent a force of primal fliers to attack the chrysalis!
I sense a powerful presence... A massive primal.
Tyrannozor. Savage. Extreme physical prowess. Essence useful, must acquire.
No simple matter. To reach it, we must cross the battle between Brakk and Yagdra's packs.
The primals are constantly being reinforced, find a way past them.
Tyrannozor sample acquired. Will research primal essences further.
Both packs are moving against us! Prepare for a pincer attack!
Our queen's metamorphosis is half way complete! Maintain out defense!
The chrysalis opens! Our queen is close to waking!
The primal zerg are destroying the rocks near the chrysalis!
The primals has broken through the barricades! Defend the chrysalis!
My pack is strong! We claim essence, we devour!
The broken zerg remained! Collect their essence! Kill!
Yagdra's forces are gathering! They are converging upon the hive cluster!
The primals are attacking the chrysalis!
Defend the chrysalis! The swarm will prevail!
I am Dehaka, One who collects. I kill. I take essence. Now I come to you because I feel your change. All Zerus feel it. All Zerus fears it, and you.
You shine. You will bring more essence, and I will follow. When you do not, I will not.
Yes.
They are a rock, a tree, a hill. They will stand against the wind. They seek power.
I am a river, I will flow. I seek essence.
They gather essence for thousands of years. They are blinded. But they are not foolish.
You were the true leader of the Swarm yesterday, and you will be tomorrow. Your appearance does not matter.
You have been reborn. A primal pack leader of boundless power.
And are you the equal of Amon, who once controlled you?
I hope it is so. For he truly can rip worlds apart.
You radiate so much power. More than the old Queen of Blades ever did.
Genetic strands different. Restructured from base level up. Stronger than Queen of Blades. Sequences complex but clean. Completely different at core.
Must take sample. Study new sequences 
Difficult to admit. New structure beyond understanding. Will return to work.
It is time. Confront the remaining pack leaders. Take what is theirs. Embrace the destiny of all zerg
You must know your enemies. Yagdra, a worm whose acid burns like fire. Kraith, immense and consumed by hatred. Slivan, the Eternal Mother, hollow and destructive. Kill them and you will command the whole of the zerg.
Each has sent most of its pack against your Swarm, leaving themselves vulnerable.
My queen. New form, powerful, Can leap through air, strike foes. Heavy damage.
This relic. xel'naga origin. Houses genetic information. Important, must collect.
Primal roaches help. They fight Yagdra's brood. 
New form can twist essence, "Mend" wounds. Heal nearby Zerg and self.
More roaches.
Leader of the broken pack? No! 
Your change means nothing! I will melt the fleshes from your bones!
Stay still!
More of my pack. Primal hydralisks.
My pack are ready to fight!
I feel your strength... You will be worth killing, worth the blood!
A thousand cuts shred the flesh.
Kraith comes for you.
Struggle, it only makes you taste smear.
My pack arrives! They will break your enemies!
These ones explode when they sense you.
Ravasaur, Fights with acid. Bring it down quickly.
More of my pack joins you.
Welcome... to your demise.
Nowhere to run.
Grow children, grow! 
More...There must be more.
The ground betrays you!
It is time. 
The pack leaders are slain, their packs join your Swarm, and here you stand. Complete. You are zerg. Your essence overflows with your power. I... I thirst. You will feed my evolution; the first time in millennia.   
No allegiance but to self. Kill or be killed. You know this.
One will be consumed and become something greater than either! This is the heritage of the zerg!
Fight Kerrigan.
Only the strongest survive!
Consume and evolve. This is the only way.
This is the destiny of all primal zerg!
There is no escaping fate.
My queen, I have been contacted by Kilysa, a Broodmother. She has heard of your accomplishments and wishes to return her brood to the Swarm. Her brood is small in number, but it has strong Leviathans.
Your essence. It called him. 
He was zerg. You are zerg. One dies and one grows strong. You know. 
Truly, this world is yours now. 
The Swarm came from Zerus. And now the Swarm owns Zerus. 
If our origins are on this world, we have clearly evolved a great deal.
We sprang from these primal zerg? But they are so... chaotic. 
We will grow stronger here. 
The terrans launched thousands of these devices at our broods on Char. Broodmother Kilysa relayed this to us. It is not a weapon.
One of our broodmothers in the Koprulu Sector is picking a strange psionic signal. It is zerg, but is not part of the Swarm.
If the Dominion is controlling hybrid, our invasion of Korhal will fail. This lab must be destroyed.
It lies far beyond the Koprulu sector, outside known space. It is to Zerus you must go (slightly altered line from the final version).[2]
I serve a higher purpose now. I will tell them.[2]
Kraith will crush you! Tear the heart from your chest!
